hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is a Razer Mamba hyper flux this is
their new wireless mouse that uses
inductive charging to power this thing
and I don't do mice reviews like this is
not my thing on channels but because I
like this thing so much I thought I'd do
a quick video about it so this is
literally the best gaming mouse that
I've used so far ever and the thing that
I like about it that makes it special is
just how lightweight it is so what makes
this different from other inductively
charged wireless mice is the fact that
there's no battery in this thing it's a
completely battery free device that has
a capacitor which I don't think those
are technically batteries but it does
hold the charge through a capacitor but
because there's no heavy battery in
there it's incredibly light and its
really good for first-person shooter so
I like my mice really light and this
thing fits the bill so I've used a lot
of wireless mice before obviously and
I've used Wireless mice that use
conductive pad so I've used the Logitech
they think they call it the power play
and I've also used the Corsair they call
it the dart core thing is every single
wireless mouse that have ever used that
uses inductive charging has this weight
to it and I like weighted mice for like
just work and just regular stuff but
when it comes to playing games I
absolutely love light my system comes in
at 96 grams to put this in perspective
there are wireless mice out there that
have I think like 120 150 gram weights
this is super lightweight and when
you're playing a shooter it's just like
it just moves around real quick real
smooth completely wireless mouse it's
just an awesome gaming experience now
the way this thing works is you have a
mat they call this the Firefly copper
flux and you connect it to your computer
so this thing is actually wired but your
mouse sits on top and through induction
it charges the capacitor inside this
mouse so the charge on this thing lasts
about 20 seconds maybe 30 seconds it's
not very long but you basically always
have it on the mat and when it's on the
mouse mat it never runs out of power it
basically uses the mat to sustain itself
so you can kind of keep using it for
indefinitely
now this thing can be used in a wired
mode so you would unplug the cable from
the mousepad and connect it directly
into the mouse and it's just basically
to give it some extra functionality if
you want to travel with this thing like
you wouldn't bring the mousepad with you
you just bring the mouse in the cable
and it'll work the hyper flux mechanism
to power everything actually feels
pretty good you feel reliable more
reliable
I thought like a wireless connection
would feel but yeah I really like this
system so this Matt it's reversible so
you have two sides I don't if you saw a
video of mine earlier there was like a
razer mousepad that had a flippable
surface and both sides were hard
surfaces this has a hard surface and a
soft surface I prefer the soft kind of
cloth feeling side but both materials
are pretty good and the matte lights up
so it's got RGB lighting I think this is
unique to this system like the power
play and the dark core systems don't
light up like this but it's 2018 it's a
razer product you kind of expect that I
mean would this even be a Razer product
if it didn't light up an RGB um I don't
think that the lights look obnoxious or
anything like that because at CES a
little bit worried the demo booth was
really dark and the lights were just
like glowing like crazy these are fully
customizable in the software and you can
control brightness and stuff so you can
basically light it up to your heart's
content or just keep it kind of muted
the mouse itself so this is using the
3360 sensor it's a pretty popular sensor
amongst high-end mice 16,000 dpi at the
top-end it's fully controllable and it's
a very responsive sensor a lot of people
like it I personally find it extremely
comfortable to hold
it's definitely comfortable for palm
grip users I can't speak for claw
grippers because I'm not a natural claw
gripper I feel like it would work but I
feel like there's better shape than this
for claw grips I also like the rubber on
the side I think this is something that
a lot of the recent Razer mice have so
this kind of horizontal pattern I just
find it more comfortable to hold than
the dotted pattern than my older
SteelSeries 300 Mouse head the buttons
are very razor ish I feel like most
people are gonna like these buttons
they're a little bit stiffer than the
Death Adder buttons not as stiff as the
SteelSeries arrival 300 ones they're
very light but not too light now there
are some things I don't like and a lot
of these dislike stem from the fact this
is a very expensive mess it's $250 it's
literally one of the most expensive mics
maybe the most expensive - I've ever
seen and let's start with the first one
I wish that the scroll wheel had some
kind of tension adjustment because we've
seen that tech and some of razor's other
mice it would have been nice to seen it
in this the other thing is I wish this
thing had a weight adjustment so I
understand that this whole thing is
supposed to be a super lightweight Mouse
that really is what defines this Mouse
but for some people that prefer I have
your mouse it would have been nice that
you could kind of increase the weight of
this for people that
I don't know for like MOBA players and
stuff that do prefer heavier mice and
they don't allow that so it kind of
limits that customizability of this
mouse but there's not that much else I
dislike about this thing I wish it came
in white obviously but yeah it's a
really slick Mouse and of all the gaming
mouse that I've tried this is seriously
my favorite that's $250 it's obviously
not for everyone but if you're on that
hunt for that perfect gaming mouse
that's got that performance of a wired
mouse and the physical feel of a wired
mouse but has that freedom of a wireless
mouse check this thing out it's awesome
ok hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs we liked it subs of you loved it
see you guys next time